added Verifier and Semver (#8)
element36-io/hyperfridge-r0: docs/guest-hyperfridge.md

# Guest progroam (hyperfridge)

## Overview

This module provides the logic to check the soundness of data coming from the banking backend - in Risc-Zero terminology the [guest][guest] code of hyperfridge. Risc-Zero framework creates a [seal][seal] around a specific compilation unit and version. Executingthis binary is used to create a [stark] (captured in a JSON) which can be validated automatically in any Rust module (e.g. on Polkadot) but also on EVM based ledgers (using [eth-verifier-contract]) - but the usage is not limited to blockchain technologies.

The proof aims for following properties:

> - **Proofing soundness**: We want to prove that the presented data is correct and relyable and has not been tempered with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Proofing soundness**: We want to prove that the presented data is correct and reliable and has not been tampered with.
```

We achieve this by checking signatures in the data which are provided by multiple entities. No entity alone should be able
to generate (or fake) the proof on its own. So either the bank or the banks client is able to generate fake proofs,
because you would need the private keys of both parties. The EBICS protocol (Electronic Banking Internet Communication Standard)
defines the key ceremony which has been used for many years.
- **Privacy**: Financial data - like medical data - is prone to highest data security standards. Bank documents contain names

> and bank details of clients, which should not be leaked. With Zerko-Knowledge technology we are able generate proofs that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and bank details of clients, which should not be leaked. With Zero-Knowledge technology we are able generate proofs that,
```
